👻 Action id parsing bananza (#54)
IBM/slack-wrench: packages/bolt-interactions/README.md

Create a [flow listener](#flow-listener) that listens for [actions](https://slack.dev/bolt/concepts#action-listening)

## Working with Ids

> If you are working with your own ids for flow instances, it can be helpful to parse them. There some utilities to help with that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are working with your own ids for flow instances, it can be helpful to parse them. We provide some utilities to help with that.
```
